Add statuses documentation (#91)
team-plain/docs: statuses.mdx

When a thread is first created it will be in this status. This means that the customer has never received a reply. If you have [First Response Time SLAs](/tiers#slas) set up, then this is the status they apply to.

## Needs Next Response

<Frame>![Todo / Needs Next Response](/public/images/statuses/todo-needs-next-response.png)</Frame>

When you reply to a customer support requests will automatically move to this status. If you have [Next Response Time SLAs](/tiers#slas) set up, then this is the status they apply to.

A thread will move to this status every time the customer responds to the thread.

## Investigating

<Frame>![Todo / Investigating](/public/images/statuses/todo-investigating.png)</Frame>

When you have a support request that requires further investigation or work on your side you can set a thread to this status.

This is particularly useful when you have support request that require longer technical investigation or research before getting back to the customer or marking it as done.

## Close the Loop

<Frame>![Todo / Close the Loop](/public/images/statuses/todo-close-the-loop.png)</Frame>

> If you use our [Linear Integration](/integrations/linear) then threads will move to this status when there was an update to a linked Linear issue.

Reviewer: Let's also mention resolved thread discussions here.

## Waiting for Customer

<Frame>
  ![Snoozed / Waiting for Customer](/public/images/statuses/snoozed-waiting-for-customer.png)
</Frame>

Threads in this status are waiting for the customer to reply. By default, threads will be automatically moved to this status when you reply to them. You can change this setting in **Settings** → **Workflow**.

> When a customer replies, threads in this status will be moved to Needs Next Response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a customer replies, threads in this status will be moved to *Needs Next Response*.
```
Some emphasis, maybe?

> When a customer replies, threads in this status will be moved to Needs Next Response.

Author: I think with docs you have to assume people don't read it start to finish so this is helpful imo even if slightly repetitive.

> When a customer replies, threads in this status will be moved to Needs Next Response.

Reviewer 2: Fair 👍

## Paused for Later

<Frame>![Snoozed / Paused for Later](/public/images/statuses/snoozed-paused-for-later.png)</Frame>

> When you need to pick up a thread later you can pause it for any amount of time. Once paused threads will have this status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you need to pick up a thread later, you can pause it for any amount of time. Once paused, threads will have this status.
```

> Once the pause duration you set runs out, or if the customer sends a new message, the thread will be moved back to it's previous status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the pause duration you set runs out, or if the customer sends a new message, the thread will be moved back to its previous status.
```
'Once' is already in the previous sentence.

## Done

<Frame>![Done](/public/images/statuses/done.png)</Frame>

> When a customer issue is resolved, you can mark a thread as done. If a customer sends a new message the thread will move back to Needs Next Response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a customer issue is resolved, you can mark a thread as done. If a customer sends a new message, the thread will move back to *Needs Next Response*.
```
